chore(docs): add reviewer checklist PR template (#3746)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Briefly describe the change and why it was required. -->

## Checklist
- [ ] Library documentation is updated.
- [ ] [Corp site](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/) documentation is updated (link to the PR).

> ## Reviewer Checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Triage Reviewer Checklist
```

> - [ ] PR title and description are accurate and comprehensive. The description should include motivation for the change, design decisions and concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Title and description are accurate and comprehensive. The description should include motivation for the change, design decisions and concerns.
```

> - [ ] PR should be focused. No unnecessary changes were introduced in this PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Change should be focused. No unnecessary changes were introduced in this PR.
```

> - [ ] No breaking [API](https://ddtrace.readthedocs.io/en/stable/versioning.html#interfaces) changes are introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Avoid breaking [API](https://ddtrace.readthedocs.io/en/stable/versioning.html#interfaces) changes unless absolutely necessary.
```

Reviewer 2: An API breaking change would require a major version bump, so should this read ~ "A breaking API change is allowed only in a major version release"?

- [ ] Tests provided or description of manual testing performed is included in the code or PR.

> - [ ] Release note has been added (if necessary) and is meaningful for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Release note has been added for fixes and features.
```

- [ ] All relevant GitHub issues are correctly linked.

> - [ ] Added to the correct milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add to milestone.
```

> - [ ] Be Kind.

Author: this is not kind

<!-- Briefly describe the change and why it was required. -->

## Checklist
- [ ] Library documentation is updated.
- [ ] [Corp site](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/) documentation is updated (link to the PR).

> ## Triage Reviewer Checklist

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Reviewer Checklist
```

? does it matter if it is a "Triage" or not, seems like these are just good items to check for any reviewer at all times?

> - [ ] Title and description are accurate and comprehensive. The description should include motivation for the change, design decisions and concerns.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [ ] Title is accurate and conforms to [conventional commit](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-conventional).
- [ ] Description motivates each change.```

> - [ ] Title is accurate and conforms to [conventional commit](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/tree/master/%40commitlint/config-conventional).

Reviewer 4: The reviewer should not have to worry about what has been automated.

```suggestion
- [ ] Title is accurate.
```

> ## Reviewer Checklist

Reviewer 3: Backports are identified and tagged with Mergifyio?

- [ ] No unnecessary changes were introduced in this PR.
- [ ] PR cannot be broken up into smaller PRs.
- [ ] Avoid breaking [API](https://ddtrace.readthedocs.io/en/stable/versioning.html#interfaces) changes unless absolutely necessary.
- [ ] Tests provided or description of manual testing performed is included in the code or PR.

> - [ ] Release note has been added for fixes and features.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Release note has been added for fixes and features, or else `changelog/no-changelog` label added.
```

?

- [ ] All relevant GitHub issues are correctly linked.
- [ ] Add to milestone.

> - [ ] Be kind.

Author: That checkbox is meant for Kyle

> - [ ] All relevant GitHub issues are correctly linked.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] All relevant GitHub issues are correctly linked.
- [ ] Backports are identified and tagged with Mergifyio
```

> - [ ] Be kind Kyle.

Author: ```suggestion
```
